Dear Dr. Pierce:

Thank you for submitting "Back to Einstein: burial-induced three range diffusion in fluvial sediment transport" [Paper #2020GL087440] to Geophysical Research Letters. I have received 2 reviews of your manuscript, which are included below and/or attached. As you can see, the reviews indicate that moderate-major revisions are needed before we can consider proceeding with your paper. I am therefore returning the paper to you so that you can make the necessary changes.


Please submit a revised manuscript that addresses the reviews and any editorial comments by April 11, 2020.

In your revision, please follow our Checklist and use our Templates for the main file and any supplements. Please provide the following:

1. A response to reviewer file that lists each major comment and describes how the manuscript has/has not been modified in response to those comments.

2. A copy of the manuscript with the changes noted (e.g., highlighted, "track changes," italics or bold changes).

3. The final revised manuscript with changes incorporated and separate final figure files (figure parts should be combined into a single file), which will be used for publication if the manuscript is accepted. If final figures are already uploaded, they can be easily copied over to the next revision version.

4. If any, supporting information text, figures, captions, and small tables in single PDF file using AGU's template. Large data tables and multimedia should be uploaded separately.

AGU requires that data needed to understand and build upon the published research be available in public repositories following best practices. This includes an explicit statement in the Acknowledgments section on where users can access or find the data for this paper. Citations to archived data should be included in your reference list. All references, including those cited in supporting information, should be included in the main reference list and cited in-text. All listed references must be available to the general reader by the time of acceptance. AGU requires the corresponding author, and encourages all authors, to register for an ORCID.

Please check and verify authorship, and that all authors are included, have approved the revisions, and agreed to be listed in the order given. Authorship is final with publication. Responsibilities of the corresponding author are given here.

When you are ready to submit your revision, please login to your account (https://grl-submit.agu.org/cgi-bin/main.plex) and click "Revise 2020GL087440."

I look forward to receiving your revised manuscript. If you have any questions, or need additional time to complete your revisions, please contact us at grlonline@agu.org.

Yours sincerely,

Harihar Rajaram
Editor in Chief
Geophysical Research Letters

------------IMPORTANT INFORMATION------------------------
Additional information on text preparation, formatting, acceptable file formats, supporting information, graphics preparation, and AGU style, is here.

Sharing your work is an important part of the research process, and AGU leverages and shares published research to promote the broader importance of Earth and space science. Learn how you can promote your paper, including how your paper can be considered for additional publicity or for the issue cover if it is accepted.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Associate Editor Evaluations:

Associate Editor (Remarks to Author):

I agree with the reviewers that the revisions have improved the manuscript but there are new points raised by the reviewers, in particular the comments of reviewer 1 on the number of regimes identified and the need for a consistent story, rather than a timeline style of presentation of the results, and edits from reviewer 2.


